jlart.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.jlart.edu.cn
lnpc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.lnpc.edu.cn
lishanu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns2.sd.edu.cn
jcog.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.jcog.edu.cn
abcd.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.abcd.edu.cn
beihang.edu.cn has only ONE name server: maindns.buaa.edu.cn
xpeu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.xpeu.edu.cn
jjvu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.jjvu.edu.cn
mta.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.nankai.edu.cn
balis.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.balis.edu.cn
nxjy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.nxjy.edu.cn
cupes.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cupes.edu.cn
capc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.capc.edu.cn
rdfz.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.rdfz.edu.cn
cicp6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.cicp.edu.cn
xiju.edu.cn has only ONE name server: sun1.xiju.edu.cn
gzucm.edu.cn has only ONE name server: host.gzucm.edu.cn
jxgj.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.jxgj.edu.cn
jxie.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.jxie.edu.cn
ycu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.ycu.edu.cn
openu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ultra1.seccet.edu.cn
jyu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: proxy.jyu.edu.cn
hainfo.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.zzuli.edu.cn
sspu6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.sspu.edu.cn
wyuas.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.wyuas.edu.cn
tjzj.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns2.tjzj.edu.cn
snbc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.snbc.edu.cn
nankai6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.nankai6.edu.cn
neuq6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.neuq.edu.cn
cims.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cims.edu.cn
vrc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.vrc.edu.cn
xatzy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.xatzy.edu.cn
jvtc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.jvtc.edu.cn
lnut.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.lnut.edu.cn
sxdgdc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.sxdgdc.edu.cn
tunel.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.tunel.edu.cn
syphu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: sypuweb.syphu.edu.cn
dlrtvu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.dlrtvu.edu.cn
lnfvc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.lnfvc.edu.cn
taian.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.taian.edu.cn
hnfc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.hnfc.edu.cn
utibet.edu.cn has only ONE name server: post.utibet.edu.cn
jxcs.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.jxcs.edu.cn
ops.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.ops.edu.cn
cztgi.edu.cn has only ONE name server: xxzx.cztgi.edu.cn
hee.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.oafa.edu.cn
fjmu6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.fjmu6.edu.cn
cmu2.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cmu2.edu.cn
ougz.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.ougz.edu.cn
hainu6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: netrai.hainu.edu.cn
cernsafe.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.cloud.edu.cn
vlsi.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.vlsi.edu.cn
swun.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.swun.edu.cn
nist.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.nist.edu.cn
fzgz.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.fzgz.edu.cn
fast.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.cloud.edu.cn
zjku.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.zjku.edu.cn
chimeb.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns1.chimeb.edu.cn
zjsru.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.zjsru.edu.cn
gmps.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.gmps.edu.cn
cai.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ultra1.seccet.edu.cn
xjmu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.xjmu.edu.cn
jlnku.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.jlnku.edu.cn
gdpa.edu.cn has only ONE name server: public.gdpa.edu.cn
cjgz.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cjgz.edu.cn
nxcy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.nxcy.edu.cn
tjau.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.tjau.edu.cn
gslib.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.gslib.edu.cn
teeweb.edu.cn has only ONE name server: www.teeweb.edu.cn
bac.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.bac.edu.cn
civil.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.civil.edu.cn
hbut6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.hbut6.edu.cn
qmu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.qmu.edu.cn
yali.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.hn.edu.cn
lsnu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.lsnu.edu.cn
gues.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.gues.edu.cn
uniranks.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.unitech.edu.cn
test-ipv6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.test-ipv6.edu.cn
law.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.law.edu.cn
streamedia.edu.cn has only ONE name server: kjfz1.eedu.edu.cn
cust.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cust.edu.cn
cscmba.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cscmba.edu.cn
chifeng.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.chifeng.edu.cn
syein.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.syein.edu.cn
sdpt.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.sdpt.edu.cn
rrtone.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns2.ncu.edu.cn
pkuschool.edu.cn has only ONE name server: tulips.pkuschool.edu.cn
jliae.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.jliae.edu.cn
lntu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ultra1.lntu.edu.cn
sy11z.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.sy11z.edu.cn
cicp.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.cicp.edu.cn
sypu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: mxm.sypu.edu.cn
nczyxy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.nczyxy.edu.cn
dangjian.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.dangjian.edu.cn
uibe6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ipv6dns.uibe6.edu.cn
jift.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.jift.edu.cn
hzaspt.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.hzrtvu.edu.cn
buu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.buu.edu.cn
tjmc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.tjmc.edu.cn
gdla.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.gdla.edu.cn
dqnu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.dqnu.edu.cn
cwnu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cwnu.edu.cn
imrtvu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.imrtvu.edu.cn
xjzs.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.xjzs.edu.cn
bjadc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns1.myedu.edu.cn
gzhtcm.edu.cn has only ONE name server: gzzy420.gzhtcm.edu.cn
nenu6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.nenu6.edu.cn
czc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns1.service.edu.cn
hrb69.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.hrb69.edu.cn
whc6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.whc6.edu.cn
teta.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.teta.edu.cn
wifa6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.wifa6.edu.cn
sport.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.hep.edu.cn
cquc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: pridns.cquc.edu.cn
tac.edu.cn has only ONE name server: www.tac.edu.cn
tsinghua-zj.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.tsinghua-zj.edu.cn
time.edu.cn has only ONE name server: spring.nic.edu.cn
sxnu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.sxnu.edu.cn
xiyi.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.xiyi.edu.cn
pvtc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.oafa.edu.cn
hebuee.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.hebuee.edu.cn
heec.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.heec.edu.cn
hunau.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.hunau.edu.cn
ynjgy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.ynjgy.edu.cn
lnxw.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.lnxw.edu.cn
qdc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.qdc.edu.cn
mathlab.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.nankai.edu.cn
ces.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.ces.edu.cn
ipdb.edu.cn has only ONE name server: spring.nic.edu.cn
hbcf.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.hbcf.edu.cn
eduroam.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.pku.edu.cn
media-lab.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.tsinghua.edu.cn
xjzb.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.xjzb.edu.cn
cyu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.cyu.edu.cn
pgzx.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.heec.edu.cn
fjnufq.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns1.fjnufq.edu.cn
jlmu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.jlmu.edu.cn
lnnu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dnsp.lnnu.edu.cn
ahou.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.ahou.edu.cn
jxjsxy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns1.service.edu.cn
e-channel.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.e-channel.edu.cn
tibuu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.tibuu.edu.cn
yulinu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.yulinu.edu.cn
pyvs.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.pyvs.edu.cn
hbfu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.hbfu.edu.cn
tjlivtc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: tjlivtc1.tjlivtc.edu.cn
xjgxky.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.xjgxky.edu.cn
tbps.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.tbps.edu.cn
xuetangx.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.xuetangx.edu.cn
lnein.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.lnein.edu.cn
cqjzc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cqjzc.edu.cn
gzmu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.gzmu.edu.cn
erwai.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.erwai.edu.cn
hlju.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.hlju.edu.cn
xawl.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.xawl.edu.cn
9office.edu.cn has only ONE name server: hit02.9office.edu.cn
zqu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns1.zqu.edu.cn
xuetang.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.xuetangx.edu.cn
ceta.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.ceta.edu.cn
hajygx.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.haie.edu.cn
cou.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ultra1.seccet.edu.cn
hist.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.hist.edu.cn
gxtcmu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ds.gxtcmu.edu.cn
xfy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.xfy.edu.cn
cqrz.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.cqrz.edu.cn
ouchn.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ultra1.seccet.edu.cn
sxapi.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.sxapi.edu.cn
ksu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.ksu.edu.cn
sip6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.sip6.edu.cn
gdtzy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.gdtzy.edu.cn
usrn.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns1.myedu.edu.cn
hfsu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.oafa.edu.cn
jlmc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.jlmc.edu.cn
asnc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ansh.asnc.edu.cn
jyc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns1.hosting.edu.cn
jxutcm.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.jxutcm.edu.cn
kdis.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.pku.edu.cn
cosoft.edu.cn has only ONE name server: www.cosoft.edu.cn
ccucm.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.ccucm.edu.cn
cerlync.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns1.cerlync.edu.cn
hrbmush.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.hrbmush.edu.cn
jszg.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.bnu.edu.cn
bj.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns2.edu.cn
oil.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.oil.edu.cn
xzlsnu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: post.utibet.edu.cn
zjnc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.zjnc.edu.cn
oafa.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.oafa.edu.cn
sylu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: advan.sylu.edu.cn
twt.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.tju.edu.cn
bds.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.bda.edu.cn
xysf.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.xysf.edu.cn
emcc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.emcc.edu.cn
sivt.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.sivt.edu.cn
nwsuaf6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ncs1.nwsuaf6.edu.cn
jxjy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.jxjy.edu.cn
henyxy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.henyxy.edu.cn
lz53zx.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns1.gs.edu.cn
ptpress.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.ptpress.edu.cn
fjsmu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.fjsmu.edu.cn
nxu6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.nxu6.edu.cn
ntu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dragon.ntu.edu.cn
hbgy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.oafa.edu.cn
hlje.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.hlje.edu.cn
cae-tsj.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cae-tsj.edu.cn
nmgov.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.nmgov.edu.cn
cernet2013.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cernet2013.edu.cn
swmzu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.swmzu.edu.cn
xupt6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: xyu03.xupt6.edu.cn
jsust.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.jsust.edu.cn
jxvc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.jxvc.edu.cn
sewm2006.edu.cn has only ONE name server: sdunetnms.sdu.edu.cn
ccmu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: medcore.ccmu.edu.cn
cyc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cyc.edu.cn
sjzkg.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.sjzkg.edu.cn
smu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.smu.edu.cn
mechf.edu.cn has only ONE name server: hit01.hit.edu.cn
cnog.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns2.net.edu.cn
ylsy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.ylsy.edu.cn
bjvtc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.bjvtc.edu.cn
cap.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cap.edu.cn
p12.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.p12.edu.cn
bfsu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: bfsuweb.bfsu.edu.cn
cqrk.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns1.service.edu.cn
bzjy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.bzjy.edu.cn
wycgk.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns2.edu.cn
scas.edu.cn has only ONE name server: pridns.sicau.edu.cn
gzhnc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.gzhnc.edu.cn
tjcu6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.tjcu.edu.cn
slzy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.slzy.edu.cn
dra.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.dra.edu.cn
hfu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.hfu.edu.cn
lnutcm.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.lnutcm.edu.cn
xawl6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1-zhineng.xawl6.edu.cn
xjtucc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.xjtucc.edu.cn
tjutcm6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.tjutcm6.edu.cn
bigc6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns2.bigc6.edu.cn
cpge.edu.cn has only ONE name server: www.cpge.edu.cn
lpssy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.lpssy.edu.cn
aku.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.aku.edu.cn
sdn.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.cloud.edu.cn
csoft.edu.cn has only ONE name server: softcenter.csoft.edu.cn
m2m.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.m2m.edu.cn
igd.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.igd.edu.cn
biti.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.biti.edu.cn
qhjc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.yingcai.edu.cn
nxjm.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.nxjm.edu.cn
gsrtvu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.gsrtvu.edu.cn
czust.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.czust.edu.cn
yingcai.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.yingcai.edu.cn
cti.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cti.edu.cn
njitt.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.njitt.edu.cn
video.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.video.edu.cn
bps.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.bnu.edu.cn
ujs.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.ujs.edu.cn
scibridge.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.scibridge.edu.cn
cqedu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: cqdns1.cqedu.edu.cn
linuxtech.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.linuxtech.edu.cn
cngi.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cngi.edu.cn
hrbust.edu.cn has only ONE name server: hkd.hrbust.edu.cn
zyyz.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.zyyz.edu.cn
sxrtvu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.sxrtvu.edu.cn
dlvtc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.dlvtc.edu.cn
cernssafe.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.cloud.edu.cn
jlju.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.jlju.edu.cn
xygz.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.xygz.edu.cn
unitech.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.unitech.edu.cn
tjnu6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.tjnu6.edu.cn
tccs.edu.cn has only ONE name server: alpha.linux.edu.cn
zjnu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: nmc.zjnu.edu.cn
beyondchina.edu.cn has only ONE name server: kjfz1.eedu.edu.cn
xiyou6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: xyu03.xiyou6.edu.cn
zhku.edu.cn has only ONE name server: sun250.zhku.edu.cn
jju.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.jju.edu.cn
zbzz.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.zbzz.edu.cn
pkufuture.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.pkufuture.edu.cn
hrbsu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.hrbsu.edu.cn
sanxiau.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.sanxiau.edu.cn
bdvtc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.bdvtc.edu.cn
sxptc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.sxptc.edu.cn
hbnu6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.hbnu.edu.cn
cde.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cde.edu.cn
ncnu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.ncnu.edu.cn
umic.edu.cn has only ONE name server: hit01.hit.edu.cn
ieecas.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.ieecas.edu.cn
just.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.just.edu.cn
hieu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.hieu.edu.cn
nks.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.nks.edu.cn
sut.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.sut.edu.cn
fjcpc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.fjcpc.edu.cn
hbcit.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.hbcit.edu.cn
pris.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.pris.edu.cn
cermail.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cermail.edu.cn
edm.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.bnu.edu.cn
jnmc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.jnmc.edu.cn
ycbg.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.ycbg.edu.cn
gsjcxy.edu.cn has only ONE name server: tssns.gsjcxy.edu.cn
sru.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.sru.edu.cn
hrbipe.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.hrbipe.edu.cn
live.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns2.edu.cn
technology.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.cai.pku.edu.cn
shelib.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.shelib.edu.cn
scal.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.scal.edu.cn
gdhsc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.gdhsc.edu.cn
wspc6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.wspc6.edu.cn
serv.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.serv.edu.cn
fdfz.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.fdfz.edu.cn
cdmps.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cdmps.edu.cn
byau.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.byau.edu.cn
fjrtvu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.fjrtvu.edu.cn
qztc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: e250-1.qztc.edu.cn
nx.edu.cn has only ONE name server: www.nx.edu.cn
ngmylife.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.ngmylife.edu.cn
tgu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.tgu.edu.cn
st-info.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.st-info.edu.cn
cloud.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.cloud.edu.cn
gzlis.edu.cn has only ONE name server: gzlis.gzlis.edu.cn
uclp.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.uclp.edu.cn
cert.edu.cn has only ONE name server: spring.nic.edu.cn
xihangzh.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.xihangzh.edu.cn
gzhmu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dn.gzhmu.edu.cn
tmmu.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.tmmu.edu.cn
cerivi.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns.cloud.edu.cn
xhu6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.xhu6.edu.cn
tcu6.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.tcu6.edu.cn
smvtc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.smvtc.edu.cn
cqht.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.cqht.edu.cn
cnepl.edu.cn has only ONE name server: ns1.cnepl.edu.cn
ahsa.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.ahsa.edu.cn
xjbtjx.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.xjbtjx.edu.cn
tjise.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.tjise.edu.cn
gdddc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.gdddc.edu.cn
wirelesslan.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.wirelesslan.edu.cn
cforum.edu.cn has only ONE name server: kjfz1.eedu.edu.cn
xaipe.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.xaipe.edu.cn
ljtc.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns.ljtc.edu.cn
cdream.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dns1.etone.edu.cn
sal.edu.cn has only ONE name server: dell1400.sal.edu.cn
337 of 6324 domain names have only ONE name server!
